mixer test and roll v4
ignition with autotest a par la
written pal and all the tests are done
the test setup with two in inputs
on two cameras the output is sent
to a connected preview monitor
at exit 1
this is the output two are two exits
absolutely identical and in addition there is a
monitor an output for a monitor of
preview where menus also appear
these are the inputs and these are the
channel management commands those ones
I can switch automatically
between one channel and another
and if I stand in front of it you can also see the
channel switching is obviously
what i can do
and it is the fundamental thing they are done
also the effects through the bar
of the mixer
here I am again the bar and companions
with adjusting the memory appear
different types of effects for example
this is a pitcher in pitcher where you are
he sees the Switzerland in the upper left then
I can put the pizzera at the top a
right lower right lower a
left
these are the functions on the position
of memory 6 instead there is the normal fade
faith options are adjustable
also through the menu and through the
effects for example this number 3 is
the colorize option where you shoot everything
the colored screen or the one
negative
or the strobe or multi option
where the screen splits into two
single screen multi screen too
this all planned nothing these
are the main functions
then there are also the functions of
adjustable immediate switching
via the long example button
the wipe for the curtain one and the mixer
sorry two and three are the pulldown
electronic effects in this case there is
this effect but less is possible
put on others and so on
these are the main functions of the
mixer